Update zerion extension (#15877)
raycast/extensions: extensions/zerion/CHANGELOG.md

# Zerion Changelog

> ## [Zerion Client ] - 2024-12-17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Zerion Client] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
```

The date can be `{PR_MERGE_DATE}` here. The Raycast bot will replace the string with merge date for you.

And there is trailing space after the `Zerion Client`. It can be removed.

> ## [Initial Version] - 2024-01-18 (1.0.0)
> 
> ## [Zerion Client ] - 2024-12-17 (2.0.0)
> - View wallet portfolio
> - Search tokens, addresses or domains
> - Show Wallet total value in the menu bar
> - Safe multiple addresses for quick access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Zerion Client] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
- View wallet portfolio
- Search tokens, addresses or domains
- Show Wallet total value in the menu bar
- Safe multiple addresses for quick access

## [Initial Version] - 2024-01-18
```

Incorrect order. The new changelog should be on the top. The version is nonsense and unneeded.
